chore: generated CHANGELOG for origin/release/v52.16.0 (#3564)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 52.16.0 - September 29, 2021

## Added

#### salesforcedx-vscode-apex

> - Update apex jar ([PR #3529](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3529))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve performance for Apex Indexer startup and updates the faux classes for the built-in standard Apex library ([PR #3529](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3529))
```

## Fixed

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

- Set sourceApiVersion for sourcepath based deploy and retrieve ([PR #3528](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3528))

#### salesforcedx-vscode-lwc

> - Fix debug code lens for vscode 1.60+ ([PR #3545](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3545))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix debug code lens for VS Code 1.60+ ([PR #3545](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/3545))
```
